Let's dive right into it with LET and Konst these are two keywords who are going to see a lot in this
course especially Konst lead and Konst are different ways of creating variables.
You know we are we are it creates a variable in javascript.
Now the thing is some variables never really change.
They are so-called constants.
Technically though they are.
They are all just variables because javascript only knows war with as 6 a words of javascript two different
keywords were introduced let and Konst are still works but you're highly encouraged to use LET and Konst
let is.
So to say Don't you want to use it for variable values and Konst are all changing something behind the
scenes about the scope of variables.
But the most important takeaway here is use LET if you want to create a variable that really is variable.
Use Konst if you plan on creating a constant value so something which you only assign once and never
change.
And that is the case more often than you might think.
In this course you will never see where you will only see lat and Konst and mostly it's Konst so it
shouldn't confuse you.
It's simply the same as a rule are just in a more modern way and in the case of Konst all the clearly
showing days is never going to receive a new value.
Now since it is always a bit clearer in practice let's have a look at it for this.
It's best if you is a genius Ben.
Dot com.
That's another web editor which makes it easy for us to enter ASM javascript and see some console output
for that disable H.T. mail and output up there and instead to enable Javascript and cons..
Now on the left side you can right next generation javascript on the right side you'll see the output.
So there we can create a variable.
My name set an equal to max console lock my name and if you now had control enter you'll see Max on
the right.
Not that new to you probably.
Obviously we can then set my name to menu and if we Denne console log my name again.
It might also not totally surprise you that if you clear and run this again you'll see Max.
From the first statement and menu from the second one.
Now if change was to let.
Nothing's going to change.
Hitting run still works and the exact same way if you use Konst though like this.
Then clearing and running this will output Max.
But then throw an error or since we try to reassign a constant variable which is kind of a strange name.
This is constant is the idea behind Konst.
You can say this should never get a new value and if you didn't accidentally write some code where you
reassign it you get the error and hence a chance to improve your code.